2013/2/16 TomatoCart v2.0 alpha4

  Features included in this release:
  1. Upgrade CodeIgniter v2.1 to v3 dev
  2. Fix bugs in store frontend and administration panel
  3. Web based Installation tool for TomatoCart Installation
  4. Create Sample Data For Demo Store
  5. Use Twitter Bootstrap css Framework for TomatoCart Store frontend and severl template module
     -- Drop Down Categories Nagivation Menu
     -- Products Grid & List View
     -- One Page Checkout
  

2012/08/27 TomatoCart v2.0 alpha2
  TomatoCart v2.0 is in development, please do not use it in production enviroment. This release is an evaluation version 
  for community developers and users who are participating in the development and are providing feedback.
  
  There will be no install routine for evaluation edition, please refer to readme.txt for installation guide.
  
  Features included in this release:
  1. Developed as a flexible and solid ecommerce framework utilizing mvc pattern.
  
  2. Add and override core features without touching the core source code.
  
  3. Integrate the sencha touch into the admin panel to support the pad and mobile device.
  
  4. Improve the template engine as the engine in the wordpress.
  
  5. Perform modifications and override base views in a separate template for the specific device.
  
  6. Migrate the the sytem config file into the local directory so as to let the developers setup the system without touching the core config file.
  
  7. Share the system config file between Backend and Frontend
  
  8. Add the payment, shipping, order totals and service module into the admin panel.



2012/04/9 TomatoCart v2.0 alpha1
  TomatoCart v2.0 is in development, please do not use it in production enviroment. This release is an evaluation version 
  for community developers and users who are participating in the development and are providing feedback.
  
  There will be no install routine for evaluation edition, please refer to readme.txt for installation guide.
  
  Features included in this release:
  1. Core Complete Rewrite with CodeIgniter
  2. New Template Enginee
     -- Customized Settings for Templates
     -- Template Modules Can Be Instaniated More Than Once and Each Instance Has Its Own Parameters
     -- Template Module Layout Management through Drag & Drop 
     -- Response Web Design for Store Front
        Added Mobile View Support With jQuery Mobile
        Added Mobile View Support For Template Module
  3. Upgrade Extjs 2.0 to Extjs 4.0
  